[BULK] [Bundle-Security] - Scheduled execution to fix known issues (#1137)
MicrosoftDocs/iis-docs: iis/web-development-reference/native-code-api-reference/cglobalmodule-class.md

  
|Name|Description|  
|----------|-----------------|  

> |[OnGlobalApplicationPreload](../../web-development-reference/native-code-api-reference/iglobalapplicationpreloadprovider-interface.md)|aaaabbbb-0000-cccc-1111-dddd2222eeee|  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[OnGlobalApplicationPreload](../../web-development-reference/native-code-api-reference/iglobalapplicationpreloadprovider-interface.md)| Provides a global-level interface for preloading an application into server memory. |
```
